Add serverless disclaimer (#750)
digital-asset/docs.daml.com: docs/2.8.9/docs/deploy-daml/infrastructure-architecture/high-availability/ha-and-scaling/ha-in-the-cloud.rst

Each cloud vendor chooses from several PostgreSQL options. Selection is ultimately driven by business requirements, which drive the HA requirements fulfilled by selecting the appropriate PostgreSQL option. A managed database selection allows for trade-offs in availability if choosing between an Aurora DB cluster or an Aurora global database. Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL is a self-managed option which is more flexible than the managed service. Each of these options is introduced below to explore what each can provide in an HA context.    Each option has a different cost profile so make sure that you are using the least costly option that matches your requirements.

.. note::

    Multiple versions of PostgreSQL are tested for compatibility with Canton and

>     PQS in traditional deployment configurations.  PostgreSQL comes in many

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    PQS in traditional deployment configurations. PostgreSQL comes in many
```

>     varieties which allow NFR trade offs to be made (e.g., latency Vs. read
>     operation scaling Vs. HA Vs. cost) and not all of these variants are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    varieties that allow NFR trade-offs to be made (e.g., latency Vs. read
    operation scaling Vs. HA Vs. cost). Not all of these variants are
```

>     tested for compatibility but are expected to work with Canton and PQS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    tested for compatibility but all are expected to work with Canton and PQS.
```
